[13.0][ADD] announcement: New module (#521)
OCA/server-ux: announcement/README.rst

.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-ux-13-0/server-ux-13-0-announcement
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/250/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds popup announcements in the backend for targeted internal users. Those
announcements can contain rich format and a user read log is kept for everyone.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To create new announcements a user should be in the *Announcements Managers* group.
When your user has such permissions, this is the way to create an announcement:

#. Go to *Discuss > Announcements*
#. Create a new one and define a title. This title will be shown in the announcement
   header.
#. Define the announcement scope:

   - Specific users: manually select which users will see the announcement.
   - User groups: users from the selected groups will be the ones to see the
     announcement.

> #. Optionally you can set an announcement date to schedule the announcement. The

Reviewer: Put this after the unarchive text

   announcement won't show up until that date.

> #. Define the announcement body. You can use rich formatting and event paste your

Reviewer: This is missing the new feature "Valid until".

   own html (editor in debug mode).
#. By default, the announcement will be archived. This is to prevent the announcement
   to show up before time.
#. Once the announcement is ready, unarchive it going to the *Actions* menu an choosing
   the *Unarchive* option.

Usage
=====

When a user in the scope of active announcements logs in, those will popup. The user

> has to mark them as read to continue working. If the announcement is set during this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has to mark them as read to continue working. If the announcement is set during the
```

> user session, the announcement will be eventually propted in the top bar. The user can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user session, the announcement will be eventually prompted in the top bar on the right part. The user can
```

> click on the unread announcements icon and the announcements will popup for the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click on the unread announcements icon (a speaker) and the announcements will popup for the user
```

to check them.

> For the announcement managers, going to *Discuss > Announcements* an clicking on an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the announcement managers, going to *Discuss > Announcements* and clicking on a
```

specific announcement, they can track which users have read the announcement.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

> * It could be integrated in Discuss app to review past announcements.

Reviewer: Add  `* Log other information like geolocation, IP, browser agent, etc when marking announcement as read.`
